Before International Yoga Day,
yoga rehearsal took place today on Delhi's Rajpath. Around
5,000 people performed yoga today. Carpets and mats were laid
on the road itself for people to practice yoga on the 2-km-long Rajpath. Let us
tell you
that
around 35,000 people will participate in the program to be held at India Gate on June 21,
for which special preparations have been made.
School children are working day and night to make International Yoga Day a success
and they are completely dedicated to
making it historic. You
can see this is the view of Rajpath and
how these children are doing this. We have a
school teacher with us, Pooja ji. Pooja ji,
how are you feeling? It's very good and
I want to say a big thank you to
our Prime Minister Modi ji.
This is a huge opportunity for us and for the nation. The
small children have spent
their entire holidays here doing yoga.
Instead of going out, they have
practiced a lot for a month and a half, so I
want to say a big thank you. Yoga is
very stressful for all of us, it is clearly a challenge.  There
is pressure but the most important thing is that the
children are very enthusiastic as you
can see that the children are continuously
practicing and this moment is very important for them.
They clearly say that this is a
very important moment for them. We have some
school children with us.
Tell me, for how many days have you been preparing?
I have been preparing continuously for a month.
We meet at school at 6 o'clock
and we prepare till 12 o'clock.
Clearly, there is a lot of enthusiasm among the children. How
long have you been preparing?
We have been practicing for at least a week now
and we meet every morning and then
come here and practice. It is very good
and it feels great
that we are getting such a big opportunity. No
one else
should miss such an opportunity because it is very
difficult to get. I
can clearly explain the extent of enthusiasm in the children
but
you will also be a witness to that day.
What kind of enthusiasm is there in your mind,
see, there is a lot of enthusiasm and a lot of
excitement because such a thing is really
rare. We practice
every day.  We always do it but the
motivation that comes to people, motivation in children
or motivation in people,
comes only from such things and when we come in front of everyone
or see, when we
talk about yoga, nowadays you can buy everything with money
but the peace that is there can be achieved
only through yoga and there is
no other way, so it has a lot of
importance and the only effort is that everyone should do it, the
whole world should do it so that everyone can benefit from it, so the
eyes of the world will be
on International Yoga Day on 21st June and the
way the children are working, you can clearly understand
that it is a holiday but how
they
practice yoga in the school from 6:00 am to 12:00 pm
and they hope that on the
occasion of International Yoga Day, when a
large number of people will reach here and the
youth will do it, then it will be included in the Guinness Book of World
Records.
Rakesh Kumar Singh with cameraman Surendra Rawat,
India News, Rajpat